To make this easy Khaman Dhokla recipe, take a large mixing bowl and add gram flour, salt, water, lemon juice and baking soda to it. Mix all these ingredients well. Allow the batter to ferment for 1-2 hours. If you are making it in the winter season, this might take longer. In the meantime, pour boiled water in a steamer and grease the utensil with oil.

Step 2 Cook the batter for 15-20 minutes in the idli/dhokla cooker Pour the dhokla batter in the greased utensil and cook on low flame in a steamer for 15-20 minutes. Check with a knife after 15 minutes by inserting it inside the dhokla. If the knife comes out clean, remove it from the stove. Allow the dish to cool and then cut into squares.

Step 3 Prepare the tempering For the tempering, heat a pan with oil in it over a medium flame. Once the oil is sufficiently hot, add mustard seeds, curry leaves and vertically sliced green chilli. Add 1/2 cup of water to the pan and allow it to boil. On 2-3 boils, lower the flame and squeeze 1/2 lemon, add sugar and green coriander leaves. If you prefer higher spice levels, you can also add some finely chopped green chillies. You can also make a Dhokla sandwich by layering Dhokla and adding your favourite sauce to it!

Step 4 Serve the moist Khaman Dhokla with Faafda and Jalebi Turn off the heat and pour the tempering on the dhokla and sprinkle the coconut powder over the dish. Transfer the dish to a plate and serve it with any spicy chutney that you like such as green coriander chutney. Khaman Dhokla is best enjoyed when paired with Faafda and Jalebi. Try this delicious snack recipe at home with your family and friends.